Readme file
===========

# How Do Markets React to Republicans and Democrats?

This application was design using Python 3.6.4 with vscode IDE on an `Ubuntu 16.04 64 bit system`. But it should run on any system runing python 2.7+ has no python3 specific code or functions were used.

## Libraries

The various libraries used will have to be installed using the “pip install libraryname” command in other for the application to run without any error.

The following were the libraries used:
The data scrapping script i.e. list.py uses urllib3, bs4 from where BeautifulSoup was imported and also the pandas library from the purpose of writing to excel without any form of stress. The market.py script that solved the actual problem uses datetime, pandas and fix_yahoo_finance

## User Input

This application relies on a json file generated by the list.py script and also data downloaded from yahoo finance using the fix_yahoo_finance module. Thus the user however is not required to enter any input.

## How to Run the Application

A python shebang is include at the top of the script and thus can be ran from the commandline by specifying the python version and the path to the environment where the python executable is located. All the libraries used by the script will have to be installed for the solution to work fine without an issue. The system too that is to used to run the application must be connected to the internet as the application relies heavily on the data from yahoo finance to work. 

This application should run any any operating system that has support for python and is runing python not less than version 2.7 but version 3.6.4 is prefferable has that is the environment under which the solution was developed.
